hey folks today we will be reviewing the
pipo you one from cargo calm is going to
angel 4.1 jelly bean on a dual core 1.6
gigahertz processor it supports a 7-inch
IPS touchscreen and a 2-megapixel
front-facing camera there is no camera
on the back unfortunately as you can see
on the left side use for poor a speaker
the 7-inch IPS touchscreen impacts on a
resolution of 1280 x 800 pixels dear all
ports and switches all around the tablet
as you will see in the video this tab
will come with 1 gigabytes of ddr3 RAM
and 16 gigabytes of internal storage
also you can add up to 32 gigabytes via
microSD card we now run do the people
you I with you the fast processor and
one Google by a ddr3 RAM helps you run
the tablet it also allows the scroll
smoothly between screens lunch out fast
and much more you have 16 gigabytes of
interest stores to fill up with the apps
and content and multimedia up your
choice plus you can add up to 32
gigabytes of storage be our micro SD
card check out the settings for the
people you won running Android 4.1 jelly
bean
the 7 inch IPS display comes in handy
when watching videos like this one enjoy
no I want
like I said before does have an inch
screen makes being on folders a pleasure
and enjoy the 7-inch 4matic comes in
handy web games such as metal slug 2 and
listen to comments below how you like it
kindergarten so that beat never tip
another ticket Romano to be
Oh
so
android 4.1 jelly bean packs some cool
new features as well and check them out
you
you know me right now I hope so we
always play two games and a full review
to actually show you how the screen
looks at how the tablet performance so
tell me to comment below how you think
it performed
you
now we're in a full review of the pipe
owe you one from cargo calm if you like
the pipe oh you want you can purchase
this for around one hundred and fifty
dollars maybe even lower if you use the
promo code / coupon code Louis but I'll
owe you I s and that will be it thanks
for watching please like and subscribe
and comment and share let me see you all
in the next video